[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Let yourself relax
into this moment.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Let yourself be held without
any need to hold yourself up.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Let yourself meet the unknown.
It's OK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's a place we don't have
to know with our mind.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What if there were
angels all around you
and you just couldn't see them?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What if there was a love so
vast that you could never
be apart from it?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What if it was impossible
for you to go anywhere
where this love
could not find you?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
You are entering into the
beauty not far from your heart.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's a place that
embraces you as you are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And trust that you will be met
by a welcoming presence that
knows you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And that meets you
with a deeper love
than you have ever
imagined in this world.
May you know without any doubt
the precious gift that you are.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And may you be welcomed
by a presence so loving
that all fear subsides.
[MUSIC PLAYING]